= PaperclipFTP

Ftp storage support for paperclip file attachment plugin.
Useful for CDNs with ftp access method for file uploading.

== Install

  gem install paperclipftp


== Usage

In your model:

  class User < ActiveRecord::Base
    has_attached_file :avatar,
                      :styles => { :medium => "300x300>", :thumb => "100x100>" },
                      :path => "/path-to-images/:attachment/:id/:style/:filename",
                      :url => "http://my-cdn-domain.com/:attachment/:id/:style/:filename",
                      :storage => :ftp,
                      :ftp_credentials => Rails.root.join('config', 'paperclipftp.yaml')
  end

or

  class User < ActiveRecord::Base
    has_attached_file :avatar,
                      :styles => { :medium => "300x300>", :thumb => "100x100>" },
                      :path => "/path-to-images/:attachment/:id/:style/:filename",
                      :url => "http://my-cdn-domain.com/:attachment/:id/:style/:filename",
                      :storage => :ftp,
                      :ftp_credentials => { :host => 'ftp.domain.com', :username => 'username', :password => 'password' },
                      :ftp_passive_mode => false,
                      :ftp_timeout => 90,
                      :ftp_verify_size_on_upload => false,
                      :ftp_debug_mode => false
  end

Options storage, ftp_credentials, path and url are mandatory.

* +storage+: Should be set to 'ftp' value in order to utilize paperclipftp plugin
* +ftp_credentials+: Takes a path, a File, or a Hash. The path (or File) must point
  to a YAML file containing the +host+, +username+, and +password+ to ftp server.
  You can 'environment-space' this just like you do to your
  database.yml file, so different environments can use different accounts:
    development:
      host: domain.com
      username: user
      password: password
    test:
      ...
    production:
      ...
  This is not required, however, and the file may simply look like this:
    host: domain.com
    username: user
    password: password
  In which case, those values will be used in all environments.
* +path+: This is the templated path to the directory on the ftp server in which the file will be stored.
* +url+: This is the templated url to the files as accessed from CDN.

Other options are optional.

* +ftp_passive_mode+: True if ftp communication should happen in passive mode
* +ftp_timeout+: Max amount of time in seconds to allocate to ftp operations of the plugin
* +ftp_debug_mode+: If true, dumps copy of all ftp commands to stderr
* +ftp_verify_size_on_upload+: If true, file size will be verified after each upload

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Damian Caruso. See LICENSE for details.
